---
inFeed: false
description: >-
  Dr Anne Curtis respects the privacy concerns of the users of her website
  TheSecretofEverything.com and the services provided therein (the “Site”).
dateModified: '2017-09-01T08:39:58.712Z'
datePublished: '2017-09-01T08:39:59.318Z'
title: Privacy Policy & Terms
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
sourcePath: _posts/2017-09-01-privacy-policy.md
hasPage: true
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2017-09-01T08:14:38.739Z'
url: privacy-policy-and-terms/index.html
_type: Blurb

---
# Privacy Policy & Terms

Dr Anne Curtis respects the privacy concerns of the users of her website TheSecretofEverything.com and the services provided therein (the "Site").

This privacy statement is provided to explain what information is gathered during a visit to the Site and how such information may be used.

**Use of Information:** As a general policy, no personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, or e-mail address, is automatically collected from your visit to the Site. However, certain non-personal information is recorded by the standard operation of the TheSecretofEverything.com internet servers. Information such as the type of browser being used, its operating system, and your IP address is gathered in order to enhance your online experience.

The Site's various mailing lists, downloads, special offers, contests, registration forms, and surveys may request that you give us contact information such as your name, mailing and/or e-mail address, demographic information such as your age and gender, and personal preference information such as your preferred software and interests. Information submitted at the time of submission will be used by TheSecretofEverything.com only as necessary for our legitimate business interests, including without limitation the improvement of our products, services and the contents of the Site. TheSecretofEverything.com may also share such information with our business and promotional partners to further those interests. Personally identifiable information is never sold or leased to any third parties. With your permission, we may use your contact information to send you information about TheSecretofEverything.com and products. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings as provided below. TheSecretofEverything.com does not store any credit card information it may receive in regard to a specific transaction and/or billing arrangement except as necessary to complete and satisfy its rights and obligations with regard to such transaction, billing arrangement, and/or as otherwise authorised by a user.

TheSecretofEverything.com may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with the rights or property of Dr Anne Curtis or TheSecretofEverything.com, other users of the Site, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.

**Children Age 13 and Under:** TheSecretofEverything.com recognises the special obligation to protect personally identifiable information obtained from children age 13 and under.

AS SUCH, IF YOU ARE 13 YEARS OLD OR YOUNGER, TheSecretofEverything.com REQUESTS THAT YOU NOT SUBMIT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE SITE OR TO TheSecretofEverything.com.

If TheSecretofEverything.com discovers that a child age 13 or younger has signed up on the Site or provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete that child's identifiable information from our records.

TheSecretofEverything.com nonetheless encourages parents to go online with their kids. Here are a few tips to help make a child's online experience safer:

1. Teach kids never to give personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. Includes name, address, phone, school, etc.
2. Know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate.
3. Look for Website privacy policies. Know how your child's information is treated.
4. Check out the FTC's site for more tips on protecting children's privacy online

**Links to External Sites:** Dr Anne Curtis is not responsible for the content or practices of third party websites that may be linked to the Site. Dr Anne Curtis is also not responsible for any information that you might share with such linked websites. You should refer to each website's respective privacy policy and practices prior to disclosing any information.

**Contact Information for Complaints or Concerns:** If you have any complaints or concerns about TheSecretofEverything.com or about this privacy statement, please contact:

Via email: \[TheSecretofEverything@gmail.com\]

or

Via regular mail: \[Dr Anne Curtis, Jesmond, Jersey, JE2 7GT\]

Information provided by you via general e-mail inquiries to TheSecretofEverything@gmail.com such as your e-mail address is used only to respond to your inquiries in the ordinary course of business, and is never shared with third parties.

**Security:** Security for all personally identifiable information is extremely important to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Dr Anne Curtis cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit via the internet. By transmitting any such information to TheSecretofEverything.com, you accept that you do so at your own risk.

**Your Acceptance of These Terms:** By using the Site, you accept the policies and restrictions set forth in this Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Site. This Online Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Online Privacy Policy to which you are bound.

Last Updated: June 27, 2017

# TERMS OF USE

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. By using this website, you signify your consent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use the website.

Your access to and use of this website, as well as all related websites operated by \[Dr Anne Curtis\] (which includes \[TheSecretofEverything.com\], among others) (collectively the "Site") is subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Use") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms of Use and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and the Site are superseded and of no force or effect:

1\. You agree that the Site itself, as well as all content, videos, training materials, products, services and/or other materials, made available on the Site by us or other third parties, as well as the look and feel of all of the foregoing, (collectively referred to as the "Content") are maintained for your personal use and information by \[Dr Anne Curtis\] and are the property of Dr Anne Curtis. You agree that such Content shall include all proprietary videos, HTML/CSS, Javascript, graphics, voice, and sound recordings, artwork, photos, documents, and text as well as all other materials included in the Site, excluding only the materials you provide. Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, Dr Anne Curtis hereby grants you a limited license, which is non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable, to access, view, and use the Site solely for your personal purposes. No DrAnneCurtis.COOL Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed, used for public or commercial purposes, or downloaded in any way unless written permission is expressly granted by Dr Anne Curtis. Modification of the Content or use of the Content for any other purpose is a violation of the copyright and other proprietary rights of Dr Anne Curtis, as well as other authors who created the materials, and may be subject to monetary damages and penalties. You may not distribute, modify, transmit or use the content of the Site or any Content, including any and all software, tools, graphics and/or sound files, for public or commercial purposes without the express written permission of Dr Anne Curtis.

2\. All Content, such as text, data, graphics files, videos and sound files, and other materials contained in the Site, are copyrighted unless otherwise noted and are the property of Dr Anne Curtis and/or a supplier to Dr Anne Curtis. No such materials may be used except as provided in these Terms of Use.

3\. All trade names, trademarks, and images and biographical information of people used in the TheSecretofEverything.com. Content contained in the Site, including without limitation the name and trademark "\[Dr Anne Curtis\]" and TheSecretofEverything.com, are either the property of, or used with permission by, Dr Anne Curtis. The use of Content by you is strictly prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms of Use. Any unauthorised use of Content may violate the copyright, trademark, and other proprietary rights of Dr Anne Curtis and/or third parties, as well as the laws of privacy and publicity, and other regulations and statutes. Nothing contained in this Agreement or in the Site shall be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark or other proprietary information without the express written consent of Dr Anne Curtis or third party owner. Dr Anne Curtis respects the copyright, trademark and all other intellectual property rights of others. Dr Anne Curtis has the right, but has no obligation, to remove content and accounts containing materials that it deems, in its sole discretion, to be unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party's intellectual property or these Terms of Use. If you believe that your intellectual property rights are being violated and/or that any work belonging to you has been reproduced on the Site or in any Content in any way, you may notify Dr Anne Curtis at \[TheSecretofEverything@gmail.com\]. Please provide your name and contact information, the nature of your work and how it is being violated, all relevant copyright and/or trademark registration information, the location/URL of the violation, and any other information you believe is relevant.

4\. While Dr Anne Curtis uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information in the TheSecretofEverything.com Site, Dr Anne Curtis makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Dr Anne Curtis assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the TheSecretofEverything.com Site.

5\. When you register with TheSecretofEverything.com, you expressly consent to receive any notices, announcements, agreements, disclosures, reports, documents, communications concerning new products or services, or other records or correspondence from Dr Anne Curtis and TheSecretofEverything.com. You consent to receive notices electronically by way of transmitting the notice to you by email.

6\. If you send comments or suggestions about the Site to TheSecretofEverything.com, including, but not limited to, notes, text, drawings, images, designs or computer programs, such submissions shall become, and shall remain, the sole property of TheSecretofEverything.com. No submission shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of Dr Anne Curtis and TheSecretofEverything.com. Dr Anne Curtis shall exclusively own all rights to (including intellectual property rights thereto), and shall be entitled to unrestricted use, publication, and dissemination as to all such submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise without any acknowledgment or compensation to you.

7\. TheSecretofEverything.com shall use commercially reasonable efforts to restrict unauthorised access to our data and files. However no system whether or not password protected can be entirely impenetrable. You acknowledge that it may be possible for an unauthorised third party to access, view, copy, modify, or distribute the data and files you store using the Site. Use of the Site is completely at your own risk.

8\. Dr Anne Curtis will not intentionally disclose any personally identifying information about you to third parties, except where , in good faith, Dr Anne Curtis believes such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or enforce these Terms of Use. By using the Site, you signify your acceptance of the TheSecretofEverything.com Privacy Policy above. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, in whole or part, please do not use this Site.

9\. NEITHER DR ANNE CURTIS NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR MAINTAINING THE TheSecretofEverything.com SITE AND/OR ANY CONTENT ON THE SITE SHALL BE LIABLE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, ALL CONTENT ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. DR ANNE CURTIS DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IN THE SITE, THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF SUCH MATERIALS, THE SUITABILITY OF SUCH MATERIALS FOR ANY USER'S NEEDS OR THE LIKELIHOOD THAT THEIR USE WILL MEET ANY USER'S EXPECTATIONS, OR THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR CORRECTION. DR ANNE CURTIS LIKEWISE DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR GUARANTEES THAT YOU WILL EARN ANY MONEY USING THE SITE OR THE TheSecretofEverything.com SERVICES. YOU ACCEPT ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR EVALUATING YOUR OWN EARNING POTENTIAL AS WELL AS EXECUTING YOUR OWN BUSINESS AND SERVICES. YOUR EARNING POTENTIAL IS ENTIRELY DEPENDENT ON YOUR OWN PRODUCTS, IDEAS, TECHNIQUES; YOUR EXECUTION OF YOUR BUSINESS PLAN; THE TIME YOU DEVOTE TO THE PROGRAM, IDEAS AND TECHNIQUES OFFERED AND UTILISED; AS WELL AS YOUR FINANCES, YOUR KNOWLEDGE AND YOUR SKILL. SINCE THESE FACTORS DIFFER AMONG ALL INDIVIDUALS, DR ANNE CURTIS CANNOT AND DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR GUARANTEES REGARDING YOUR SUCCESS OR INCOME LEVEL. DR ANNE CURTIS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT USE OF THE MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE, THE CONTENT, AND/OR THE MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON THIS SITE ARE FREE FROM BUGS OR VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY REPAIRS OR CORRECTIONS. DR ANNE CURTIS SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PERFORMANCE OR SERVICE PROBLEMS CAUSED BY ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE OR THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDER. ANY SUCH PROBLEM SHALL BE GOVERNED SOLELY BY THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND THAT PROVIDER. Please note that the applicable jurisdiction may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties. Some of the above exclusions may thus not apply to you.

10\. DR ANNE CURTIS SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PERFORMANCE OR SERVICE PROBLEMS CAUSED BY ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE OR THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDER (including, for example, your web service provider service, payment services, your software and/or any updates or upgrades to that software). ANY SUCH PROBLEM SHALL BE GOVERNED SOLELY BY THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND THAT PROVIDER. TheSecretofEverything.com RESERVES THE RIGHT TO DETERMINE, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, WHETHER TheSecretofEverything.com IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SUCH MALFUNCTION OR DISRUPTION. DR ANNE CURTIS ALSO RESERVES THE RIGHT TO LIMIT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR THE CONTENT OR TO TERMINATE YOUR ACCOUNT SHOULD DR ANNE CURTIS DETERMINE THAT YOU HAVE VIOLATED THESE TERMS OF USE, OR THAT YOU HAVE VIOLATED ANY OTHER RULES OR CONDITIONS OF DR ANNE CURTIS OR TheSecretofEverything.com. DR ANNE CURTIS RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REFUSE ACCESS TO THE SITE AND/OR THE TheSecretofEverything.com CONTENT, PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES TO ANYONE IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION. TheSecretofEverything.com RESERVES THE RIGHT TO DETERMINE, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, WHETHER TheSecretofEverything.com IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SUCH MALFUNCTION OR DISRUPTION. TheSecretofEverything.com MAY, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, REFUND THE INITIAL FEE CHARGED FOR ANY USE OF THE SITE AND/OR ANY CONTENT OR A PRO-RATA PORTION THEREOF CONSISTENT WITH THE TheSecretofEverything.com REFUND POLICY. TheSecretofEverything.com SHALL REFUSE ANY REFUND THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER YOUR PAYMENT FOR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR ANY CONTENT, EITHER PURSUANT TO TheSecretofEverything.com CUSTOMER LICENSE AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE, REGARDLESS OF THE REASON FOR DISRUPTION.

11\. IN NO EVENT SHALL DR ANNE CURTIS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, RELIANCE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR NOT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGE OR LOSS OF PROPERTY, EQUIPMENT, INFORMATION OR DATA, LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE OR GOODWILL, COST OF CAPITAL, COST OF REPLACEMENT SERVICES, OR CLAIMS FOR SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS OR TRANSMISSION PROBLEMS, OCCASIONED BY ANY DEFECT IN THE SITE, THE CONTENT, AND/OR RELATED MATERIALS, THE INABILITY TO USE SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER OR ANY OTHER CAUSE WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT THERETO, REGARDLESS OF THEORY OF LIABILITY. THIS LIMITATION WILL APPLY EVEN IF DR ANNE CURTIS HAS BEEN ADVISED OR IS AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

12\. You agree to indemnify and hold Dr Anne Curtis and each of her employees and agents, harmless from any and all liabilities, claims, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising out of or relating to (i) your breach of this Agreement, (ii) any violation by you of law or the rights of any third party, (iii) any materials, information, works and/or other content of whatever nature or media that you post or share on or through the Site, (iv) your use of the Site or any services that Dr Anne Curtis may provide via the Site, and (v) your conduct in connection with the Site or the services or with other users of the Site or the services. Dr Anne Curtis reserves the right to assume the exclusive defence of any claim for which she is entitled to indemnification under this Section. In such event, you shall provide Dr Anne Curtis with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by Dr Anne Curtis.

13\. The provisions of these Terms of Use are for the benefit of the Dr Anne Curtis, TheSecretofEverything.com, its affiliates and its third party content providers and licensors, and each shall have the right to assert and enforce such provisions directly or on its own behalf.

14\. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the States of Jersey, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You further submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the States of Jersey courts sitting in St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

15\. These Terms of Use may be revised from time to time by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms of Use to which you are bound.

Last Updated: June 27, 2017